doc: add common suggestions (#134)
operator-framework/olm-docs: content/en/docs/best-practices/common.md

---
title: "Common recommendations and suggestions"
linkTitle: "Common suggestions"
weight: 2
description: Common recommendations and suggestions to distribute solutions with Operator OLM
---

## Overview

Any recommendation or good practice suggested by the Kubernetes community such as to develop [Operator pattern][operator-pattern] solutions or to manage them are good recommendations for who is looking for to build the operator projects and distribute them with OLM. Also, see [Operator Best Practices][operator-best-practices].

## Provide what are the k8s versions supported by your project

> In this CSV manifest, you will check that it provides the spec field `minKubeVersion`. Then, would be recommended you provide this information. Otherwise, it would mean that your operator project can be distributed and installed in any cluster version available which not necessary is the case.

Reviewer: I'm a little confused here. It looks like we're presenting a CSV manifest based on this description, but I don't see any reference (e.g. link to an existing CSV manifest that provides an example). It's possible I'm missing something obvious?

Author: added. Let me know what do you think now

## Validate your bundle before publish it

> Check and test your operator bundle before you publish it. Note that [`operator-sdk`][operator-sdk] CLI can help with that process. You can validate a bundle via  [`operator-sdk bundle validate`][sdk-cli-bundle-validate] against the entire suite of validators for Operator Framework, in addition to required bundle validators:

Reviewer: More minor nits, nothing blocking.

```suggestion
Check and test your operator bundle before you publish it. Note that the [`operator-sdk`][operator-sdk] CLI can help with that process. You can validate a bundle via [`operator-sdk bundle validate`][sdk-cli-bundle-validate] against the entire suite of validators for Operator Framework, in addition to required bundle validators:
```

linkTitle: "Common suggestions"
weight: 2
description: Common recommendations and suggestions to distribute solutions with Operator OLM
---

## Overview

Any recommendation or good practice suggested by the Kubernetes community such as to develop [Operator pattern][operator-pattern] solutions or to manage them are good recommendations for who is looking for to build the operator projects and distribute them with OLM. Also, see [Operator Best Practices][operator-best-practices].

## Validate your bundle before publish it

Check and test your operator bundle before you publish it. Note that the [`operator-sdk`][operator-sdk] CLI can help with that process. You can validate a bundle via [`operator-sdk bundle validate`][sdk-cli-bundle-validate] against the entire suite of validators for Operator Framework, in addition to required bundle validators:

```sh
operator-sdk bundle validate ./bundle --select-optional suite=operatorframework
```

Also, you can validate a bundle via [`operator-sdk scorecard`][sdk-cli-scorecard-bundle] to insure it against a suite of tests:

```sh
operator-sdk scorecard bundle
```

## Provide what are the k8s versions supported by your project

> In this [CSV](/docs/concepts/crds/clusterserviceversion)  manifest, you will check that you can use the spec field `minKubeVersion` to inform what is the minimal Kubernetes version which your project supports, which would like: 

Author: Accepted but changed for `In the [CSV](/docs/concepts/crds/clusterserviceversion) manifest of your operator bundle`. Why?

That link is for the `concepts` page which explains what is a CSV. So, shows not right says `In the following `

> In this [CSV](/docs/concepts/crds/clusterserviceversion)  manifest, you will check that you can use the spec field `minKubeVersion` to inform what is the minimal Kubernetes version which your project supports, which would like: 

Reviewer: Oh yeah true, that's a good point. I guess I was trying to set up the example in a different manner to eliminate that trailing `, which would like: ...` statement, but it doesn't make much sense to say `In the following CSV manifest ...` then only show a partition code block relevant to the `minKubeVersion` example.

```yaml
  ...
    spec:
	  maturity: alpha
	  version: 0.4.0

> 	  minKubeVersion: 1.16.0

Reviewer: This didn't affect the netlify prefix at all but this is being marked with red blocks when I look at these changes. Not too sure why, maybe extra spaces? Not too big of a deal as it's doesn't affect any actual content.

```

> Then, would be recommended you provide this information. Otherwise, it would mean that your operator project can be distributed and installed in any cluster version available which not necessary is the case.

Reviewer: Another slight rewording, else these changes lgtm.

```suggestion
It is recommended you provide this information. Otherwise, it would mean that your operator project can be distributed and installed in any cluster version available, which is not necessarily the case for all projects.
```
